README.md, before:

# TypingThrower
**Creating** by Chawakorn Suphepre(@winChawakorn) and Vittunyuta(@aommoaGitHub)

TypingThrower project is a game. This typing game can calculate and record your typing speed in WPM (words per minutes). 2 players will fight each other by typing the apparent word.
Correct typing will damage to your opponent. You will win when HP of the opponent is zero.

<a href="https://github.com/winChawakorn/TypingThrower/raw/master/TypingThrower.jar"> >>>Download this Game</a> Run TypingThrower.jar and have fun!

This is UML Diagram of project:
![UML Diagram](http://i.imgur.com/cDJSst7.jpg)


## How to play

1. The first page is login page. You can press **Practice** button to play with bot without recording score.

login page<br>
![Login Page](http://i.imgur.com/zYyOD7T.png)<br>
play with bot by pressing **Practice** button.<br>
![Practice Page](http://i.imgur.com/JLtBk7y.png) <br>
![Score practice](http://i.imgur.com/DNrjRSY.png) <br>

2. If you don't have any account, you can press **Sign Up** button to create new account.

sign-up page<br>
![Sign up Page](http://i.imgur.com/1fMNHAG.png)


3. While logging in please wait half a moment. After login success, you will go to the home page that contains 4 buttons on the left of the screen.
* **Online:** Playing online mode with another player who is onlining. This mode enable record score.
* **Offline:** Playing with bot and record score.
* **Logout:** Going back to login page.
* **Quit:** Close the application.

home page<br>
![Home Page](http://i.imgur.com/7JvzDb8.png)


4. In playing online mode. You will see **Waiting** page while you are waiting another to entry your game room. When another player enter the room, game start!

waiting page<br>
![Waiting Page](http://i.imgur.com/TOuj2Uw.png)
game room<br>
![Play Online](http://i.imgur.com/0JV0J86.png)
finish race<br>
![Finish Race](http://i.imgur.com/Gu8YPeM.png)



5. After playing, your score will update on your home page.

showing score on home page<br>
![Home Score](http://i.imgur.com/68U8HOS.png)

## Interesting technology
### SQL Database
1. Google cloud platform (SQL)
2. Chrome MySQL Admin
3. ORMLite
### OCSF for game server

Picture from : <a href="http://www.gameart2d.com/">http://www.gameart2d.com/</a>

Documentation : <a href="https://winchawakorn.github.io/TypingThrower/">https://winchawakorn.github.io/TypingThrower/</a>

Commit message:

Add some detail to OCSF and server download link

README.md, after:

# TypingThrower
**Creating** by Chawakorn Suphepre(@winChawakorn) and Vittunyuta Maeprasart(@aommoaGitHub)

TypingThrower project is a game. This typing game can calculate and record your typing speed in WPM (words per minutes). 2 players will fight with each other by typing the apparent word.
Correct typing will damage to your opponent. You will win when your opponent lost all HP. This game can improve your typing skill.

<a href="https://github.com/winChawakorn/TypingThrower/raw/master/TypingThrower.jar"> >>>Download this Game</a> Run TypingThrower.jar and have fun!
If our server is closed or you would like to open your own server, you can  
<a href="https://github.com/winChawakorn/TypingThrower/raw/master/Server.jar"> >>>Download the server for Typing Thrower</a>

This is UML Diagram of project:
![UML Diagram](http://i.imgur.com/cDJSst7.jpg)


## How to play

1. The first page is login page. You can press **Practice** button to play with bot without recording score.

login page<br>
![Login Page](http://i.imgur.com/zYyOD7T.png)<br>
play with bot by pressing **Practice** button.<br>
![Practice Page](http://i.imgur.com/JLtBk7y.png) <br>
![Score practice](http://i.imgur.com/DNrjRSY.png) <br>

2. If you don't have any account, you can press **Sign Up** button to create new account.

sign-up page<br>
![Sign up Page](http://i.imgur.com/1fMNHAG.png)


3. While logging in please wait half a moment. After login success, you will go to the home page that contains 4 buttons on the left of the screen.
* **Online:** Playing online mode with another player who is onlining. This mode enable record score.
* **Offline:** Playing with bot and record score.
* **Logout:** Going back to login page.
* **Quit:** Close the application.

home page<br>
![Home Page](http://i.imgur.com/7JvzDb8.png)


4. In playing online mode. You will see **Waiting** page while you are waiting another to entry your game room. When another player enter the room, game start!

waiting page<br>
![Waiting Page](http://i.imgur.com/TOuj2Uw.png)
game room<br>
![Play Online](http://i.imgur.com/0JV0J86.png)
finish race<br>
![Finish Race](http://i.imgur.com/Gu8YPeM.png)



5. After playing, your score will update on your home page.

showing score on home page<br>
![Home Score](http://i.imgur.com/68U8HOS.png)

## Interesting technology
### SQL Database
1. Google cloud platform (SQL)
2. Chrome MySQL Admin
3. ORMLite
### OCSF for game server
We use OCSF to send the object between server and client to update the detail in the game.

Picture from : <a href="http://www.gameart2d.com/">http://www.gameart2d.com/</a>

Documentation : <a href="https://winchawakorn.github.io/TypingThrower/">https://winchawakorn.github.io/TypingThrower/</a>
